--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 20) ---

Makale: A murderer who strangled a woman and put her body in a cupboard has been rearrested after three weeks on the run. William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old, who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort, was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday. William Kerr (left), who strangled Maureen Comfort (right) and put her body in a cupboard 20 years ago, has b...

Orijinal Özet: William Kerr was released on licence in January but left bail hostel in Hull .
53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort .
Ms Comfort's body was found in a cupboard in her flat by relatives .

Pipeline Özeti: A murderer who strangled a woman and put her body in a cupboard has been rearrested after three weeks on the run. William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year

Model.generate Özeti: A murderer who strangled a woman and put her body in a cupboard has been rearrested after three weeks on the run. William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year

--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 82) ---

Makale: Conor O’Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby’s collisions after Harlequins and England full back Mike Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury. Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21, is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai and no closer to being declared symptom-free. The episode raises questions about whether the 29-year-old was brought back t...

Orijinal Özet: Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury .
he has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21, is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai .
The episode raises questions about whether the 29-year-old was brought back too early for England’s title-decider against France .

Pipeline Özeti: Conor O’Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby’s collisions after Harlequins and England full back Mike Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury. Brown has not played since the final round

Model.generate Özeti: Conor O’Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby’s collisions after Harlequins and England full back Mike Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury. Brown has not played since the final round

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 417) ---

Makale: They are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two. These three Mormons, all from Utah, have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints. Indeed, church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion. How...

Orijinal Özet: Grayson Moore, Annabel Jensen and Sara Woodhouse are transgender .
Moore, formerly Grace, realized in high school and takes testosterone .
Jensen, who was born Christopher, also takes hormone treatments .
Mormon church will not baptize anybody who has sex change procedures .
Woodhouse transitioned later in life - he was married with a daughter .
The three have found varying degrees of acceptance into Mormon life .

Pipeline Özeti: They are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two. These three Mormons, all from Utah, have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints. Indeed, church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity

Model.generate Özeti: They are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two. These three Mormons, all from Utah, have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints. Indeed, church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 447) ---

Makale: A family faces an anxious wait after being told all four of them could get leukaemia. Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene. The GATA2 gene is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count mi...

Orijinal Özet: Rachel Simpson, 15, diagnosed with one-in-a-million genetic condition .
Has mutation of the GATA2 gene, making her vulnerable to infection .
Can also make blood cells abnormal, leading to leukaemia .
The other members of her family will find out their fate in next few weeks .

Pipeline Özeti: A family faces an anxious wait after being told all four of them could get leukaemia. Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The rest of the family, from Heysham,

Model.generate Özeti: A family faces an anxious wait after being told all four of them could get leukaemia. Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The rest of the family, from Heysham,

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 399) ---

Makale: Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final, earning a six-month ban. The 27-year-old, who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match, told the Daily Star Sunday: 'I was surprised how calm I was, with everything going through...

Orijinal Özet: Ben Flower returned from his six-month ban on Thursday night .
Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final .
27-year-old received a brilliant reception during's Wigan's 30-20 victory against Warrington .

Pipeline Özeti: Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final

Model.generate Özeti: Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- Rastgele Seçilen Haber (index: 262) ---

Makale: A mysterious ‘warm blob’ of water off the West coast of the US could explain why states like California are experiencing their worst ever drought, while the East is battered by freezing weather. The blob in the ocean was discovered last year, with temperatures one to four degrees Celsius (two to seven degrees Fahrenheit) above surrounding ‘normal’ water. And the blob has now extended about 1,000 miles (1,600km) offshore, from Mexico up to Alaska, and could herald a warmer summer for some regions...

Orijinal Özet: A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean .
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .
University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts .
But it is not clear where the blob has come from - or how long it will stay .

Pipeline Özeti: A mysterious ‘warm blob’ of water off the West coast of the US could explain why states like California are experiencing their worst ever drought, while the East is battered by freezing weather. The blob in the ocean was discovered last year, with temperatures one to four degrees Celsius (two to seven degrees

Model.generate Özeti: A mysterious ‘warm blob’ of water off the West coast of the US could explain why states like California are experiencing their worst ever drought, while the East is battered by freezing weather. The blob in the ocean was discovered last year, with temperatures one to four degrees Celsius (two to seven degrees

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

